I'm glad you're here.
Great, Annie.
To take you to any center anytime on any matter
I saw this.
And that...
The last day comes to the conversation.
We were actually having another conversation with Mr. Cohn
on the 11th of September.
And particularly with respect to any Saturday morning
beauty on the part of Cheyenne at 4th take.
On either the 4th of December or the 11th of December
say that there's an event in front of the record
and not quite accurate as to which weekend it was.
Any defasion?
The training schedule for Friday's time has four weeks worth of change.
And the change requires him to train in Saturday morning.
That will be 8th Saturday morning,
5th Saturday morning, and 12th.
I will remember what it was that night.
I received a series of telephone calls.
I said correct, and I said there were three of the telephone calls.
I think they're called Cohn Cohn and I called him back.
And he called me again.
I called him again and three of those were missing.
But during this particular Friday afternoon,
I was three telephone calls.
And the goal was on his accent on the telephone
was to the neighborhood of an hour, with Mr. Cohn.
The entire subject under the question
was the fact that starting now everything on Saturday morning,
which I was made aware of the fact was a new season of a cross.
And this was as difficult as any of the telephone conversations
or any of the series of conversations I had.
I was faced with extreme pressures, abusive pressures,
and very, very abusive criticism that I received.
You were generating a broken concrete state.
Mr. Adams was very near abusive language.
For you, you used the time well.
And the tone of voice is as abusive as the word is very often.
When these telephone calls from the subject
were shining at the top and under the afternoon
of the Fourth of the 11th of December,
we were extremely angry.
And they were very upto you.
And I was quite aware of this.
As you mean the best, there was language
that we used, but Mr. Cohn that you cannot repeat.
I do share it.
Or any of those calls monitors,
you say they were not aware of it.
They were not there.
There was any argument or discussion between Mr. Cohn
on that at that time
with respect to what a weekend lamp
when it started when it ended.
Yes, the whole point.
As it's Cohn, the side of me is that everybody knows
that weekend begins on Friday night.
And I pointed out to Mr. Cohn that weekend began
whenever the commanding general fort dictated
that he was through his exposure.
And the entire target was,
you get the exposure off of that,
including the training at 5 o'clock
or at the clock on Friday night,
instead of requiring the deliverer to do an un-badid.
I was, I think, at third of the day
to read the conversation that reached an impact.
I did nothing.
I did not call them a line of things.
I did not talk to the secretary about it.
I was, what I'm willing to do
anything about the fact that he's the only one I can tell.
If you know how Mr. Cohn confused
with the request to say,
it's important that Friday night,
I can only assume that he had telephone conversation.
That is what I want you to now relate to this to many.
You're a phase of December 17th.
In New York,
was that number Carpley, Mr. Cohn, Mr. Cohn?
The report's monopsyring has been transferred
by New York.
And there were hearings on,
I think December 15th, 16th, 17th,
and 18th, and many of them,
a few of earlier.
I might say that one of the,
one of the ways that I selected the days to go
for those years,
I attended in New York a total of about 13 or 12 days
of hearings.
There were many more than that.
There were a total of probably 28 or 30 days of hearings
at New York, Washington, and Portland.
I selected the day to go when it was indicated
on the telephone to me that
Army witnesses would be interrogated
or that there was something which might concern us,
which would come up during the course of the hearings.
And even on those circumstances,
I did not always go.
But in any of that,
I selected this day at the telephone conversation.
I went up in the airplane on the afternoon
as a 16th of December.
There were a few interrogations in the afternoon
of the 15th that I got there in time for,
but I didn't see any of them.
I stayed overnight,
the next morning the hearings began at 1030.
I went downtown from the Commodore Hotel by subway.
I walked into the courthouse,
and as I mounted the courthouse,
from one direction to the commodore,
I mounted the courthouse steps from the other direction
so that we saw each other
as we were entering the building.
On the plaza or the plaza,
at the top of the desk in the commodore,
I tried the telephone you last night.
You weren't staying in the hotel
as the soldier wiped you at the end,
so I didn't find you.
I found out later that my wife has been called
about getting on to find out where I was staying.
Well, I'll be sure no one will say,
what the inferences are going to be drawn for better than that.
I'm sure that I'll be sure that I'll be sure that I'll be able
to find out where I was staying.
Well, I'll be sure no one will say,
what the inferences are going to be drawn for better than that.
Now, once this fellow retirement is placed
to you on meditation on September 70th.
I spent the night at the sixteenths with my two sons.
Well, you are now completely inaugurated.
The fellow retirement is said to me
that the purpose of his call, 94,
was that he had just learned
that I do on the previous day
of the amount of interference with the official
that Fort Dick, which his staff had accomplished
and that he was to tell me that as a venomous now,
it's most true that he was not going to be admitted.
I told him I was gratified to get that information
but it would be absolutely as no value to me
and let these data be taken in front of me.
And we walked on this conversation
until only a matter of a few months,
left along this up to walking to the building
and reached the room which was used as a courtroom.
This car was in the room.
When we walked into the room, he began speaking
about the stuff that he began to criticize.
This is the car about the matter
that he has spoken in heela.
I wanted to call one of these members of the car.
No, I don't think all exactly,
but it was on that subject
and it was in a critical vein.
I didn't want to stay there under those circumstances
so I walked out of the room.
Hearing you started shortly thereafter,
I don't know how long it has been.
As I recall, I didn't see the center
because it was a classroom again before the year.
Nor did I see the car or home except that perhaps
it could be kept in the hallway.
Hearing lasted until about 12-15
at which time they were reset.
We walked over to the entrance
to a restaurant called Gattner,
the EAS-NU,
which is about two blocks from the forthouse.
It's where we walked once.
We walked into the restaurant
and sat down at the face of the restricted.
There were two centers,
the St. Mastrakees,
who were there for a while,
but they left before.
And he had the incident down now related.
The car.
While they were still there,
something occurred.
I don't remember what.
We saw Mr. Cohn and the maker,
the rocket driver,
I remarked with reference to Donald Patrick,
who was the former G2.
Shortly after that,
he made a remark
that just being the second area of the Army
was relating to Donald Watson,
only because of the fact that he was friendly.
With the time I stayed at the home
and he knew that wasn't true.
So if you think you can tell the same
about that time,
the two friends left.
And because I wanted to send him a party to be safe,
before it's your home,
when he told me on the court house death,
I said, let's talk about it.
Let's start at a kind of event.
Experience similar to none,
which I've had in my life.
This tone became extremely agitated.
And it became extremely abusive.
First name and second title.
But he is kind of when it's way,
to be very abusive,
and then it's kind of a face
to be friendly for a few moments.
And everybody needs a little bit more
and then it will start him again.
And this kept on.
I was trying to get to one place famous.
But it's kind of so violent.
When I said I better not do it.
It leaves him that angry with me.
And that angry with Senator McCarthy.
He's called to the remark I have made.
So I say, you miss my one place, you know.
I thought, cheerly, I'd be able to get out of there by two.
So once you're included,
and this day you were afraid to leave
that Senator McCarthy a little mayor with ease.
Mr. Adam and what did he say?
You say he was very abusive.
He was extremely abusive.
This I wasn't.
Was there not any of the same language you used?
Yes.
Well just to admit that.
And tell what he did say.
Constituted abuse of your face.
Well I have a voice.
I'm tone of voice.
I have a much earlier news in my voice.
I'm an atheist.
I do not remember the prayers.
I do not remember the sentences,
but I do remember the violence.
Well you remember the subject?
The subject was the fact that the thing that's told me was angry about.
The thing that he was so violent was the fact that one of the Armenians was not.
It was not agreed to an asylum for China and who?
That Senator McCarthy was not supporting his past and its efforts to get China signed in New York.
So his abuse was directed partly to me and partly to Senator McCarthy.
And as I say it kind of came to a way.
There is the experience of an extreme abuse and then there is the period where to get almost back to normal.
And I think with the order and then about halfway through that.
A little more of a thing.
I missed the 230 train also.
This violence continued with a remarkable thing.
And at first Senator McCarthy came to be trying to facilitate.
He seemed to be trying to conciliate tone and not to state anything contrary to what he stated to me in morning.
But then he more or less laughed from silence.
Finally it was about three o'clock or ten minutes or three.
We left the restaurant and got in the home car which was directly in front of the restaurant.
From the state that he was going to get me arrived at the station which is directly uptown.
From the courthouse I had supposed to go in the subway that he had known and get to that quickly.
So we began writing up four panels in New York.
And the phone rang her and he wrote it again.
And as it was directed more on this occasion to Senator McCarthy than it was me.
And as we were writing uptown, I was trying to turn around to me.
And to which we faced during the write uptown, this was about fifteen minutes.
We asked me if I couldn't say that when I got back to Washington, documents and statements in a range in the fine and in New York for sure happened.
When we got to say four things, this is where this was.
But why was you in a fight?
I was a senator, Miss Adam.
I was called recollecting it that I made no response.
I didn't say much on the write uptown.
There's a little left.
You mean the both you and the senator have been completely confused?
I have been.
All right. Now then you were writing uptown in this phone car being driven by Mr. Cohn.
Is that correct?
And you were being taken to the station.
That is correct.
I was going to tell the committee the events of that trip.
Well, that day at the end of the car she was going to make sure at three times.
That's me on three occasions if I wouldn't.
But I could want to send an ask and send a few statements to the one.
A range for a round sign of the assignment in New York.
And that's when we got to thirty-fourth street, which is where the turn must be made.
Is it going to go over to the tentations, which around seven to seven?
We attempted less turns.
We were not committed.
At least we were in the medicine court of the Ptoon Head.
We took us under a long tunnel.
I know we took it under the Grand Central Station.
We came out at about forty-six feet or thereabouts.
Going away from tentation.
And I had about ten or twelve minutes to make the research.
I complained to Mr. Cohn.
I said, you're just taking me away from the station.
And final third violence, he stopped the car and looked for a lane to the tapet.
He said, just a hour to the end.
So I climbed out of the car and looked for a lane to tapet between forty-six and forty-seven feet on that.
I parked out of the room, ran across the street, jumped into the gap.
I tried to make three thirty frames.
As some of their potters direct me to ask you whether or not you made the train.
This thirty-three was ten minutes late, so I made the train.
Mr. Cohn told me a few days later that he didn't think that I could feel badly about the way I was gone in the car.
Because he said I should have been there to see the way the center of the car.
Mr. Cohn asked you to lock the laser.
Who told you that?
Mr. Cohn.
Well, what did he say to you?
A car or a few minutes later.
He said to me, if I thought that I didn't put out of the car, he said that I could have seen the way things went.
And the traffic that went out of the car in front of the wall, though, took the story.
I was always the events of that day happened.
That was the reason.
What if anything occurred on the following day, that is December 18th?
I don't know.
Oh, I'm just emberating.
Well, say to whether or not to refer your recollection, you spoke to Mr. Cohn on December 18th.
On December 18th.
I am a whole new him that sometime between Christmas and the New Year, you was the best time for there was a second phase there.
Yes, Mr. Cohn was in Washington.
I think Mr. Cohn was in New York.
I had a conversation with Mr. Cohn, which was further reference to Mr. Cohn's attitude on time.
And I say to him, that's that.
If they were just leaving your home, I was going to stop the school.
For four days, it was my mother and sisters.
And that day was just let me alone, and I got back.
I was finding ways to see the secretary behind me between Christmas and New Year's, and to see her mom where she was going to go.
I did not guarantee the baby life what the decision was, but I said I'll get an answer, so we'll know where he's going and we'll just leave me alone to make six days.
On the 19th of December, I went to football down to quarterback here.
On the 20th of December, I received a long distance call from the car.
Which is the subject.
On the 20th of December, I hand on the 23rd of December.
While I was in football down to court, I received a long distance call from the car.
On one, and I think, on both of the occasions, the principal Sunday of the call, came to the evening to the evening's time.
And I received that I had told him that if they were just waiting until the Christmas and New Year's, I would try and find out what was going to happen to Shion.
When I say this one or two calls the subject, things will be shined by me.
Well, I'm not shined as best of a car long distance by you or a visitor, your mother, and she falls down to court.
It was, and as I say, the principal first is one of the calls that I recall as a Shion.
My recollection is that both calls Halliburgyan.
Was there not there another fifty-seaters first with the fifty-two-kind data?
There probably was there, I do not remember what was going on.
You returned from South Dakota to watching the plan.
I returned to Washington on the day before Christmas, which was December 25th.
I returned to my office on December 28th.
From my leave, my fellow fellow General Ryan at Fort Dixon, ten minutes after nine on the morning, December 28th, to ask him what was scheduled for Shion.
He stated to me that he had nothing to do with this, that an evaluation was made at Fort Dixon, and that the evaluation was sent from Fort Dixon to the Agenda General's office in Washington, where there was a distance that I had.
I had to set up and the back system to a machine recorders, the business machine system evaluated where he would go.
I went to the Agenda General's office.
I took to the deputy Agenda, and I stayed with him, that I was interested in finding out what was scheduled for Shion.
I made it quite clear that the Secretary did not want to find the clarity to be conservative as a request that anything special be done, that all we wanted to know was how the cards were going to fall.
On the following days, the deputy Agenda General, or one of those people, I think it was General Ryan.
I recorded to me that the Fort Dixon interview with the private Shion had classified him as a prospective criminal investigator, and that, quite probably, he would be sentenced to camp Gordon George at the conclusion of his weekly pay-safe-weekly schedule for January 15th.
I passed in the bar as they then, and that's what happened to me.
I then told on the telephone to Cone and Carr, I did not state the death rate definite, I did not state the Secretary had agreed to it, but I indicated that that was what in fact.
Cone was quite adamant, that the camp Gordon George would, much too far from New York, would not do.
On the 29th of December, I advised Secretary Steven by memorandum of the concept for Shion as he has developed by the Agenda General, and, from the point of that, I had a conversation
with the Secretary in which the matter was shut, and the Secretary stated that the private Shion should be sent to camp Gordon George, and that I could certify him, which I did to private students who were on the street or the 31st.
My name is Anne and I do this to Steven's and we guide his press to subject, as available.
Day of 29 December, you can leave it by the end.
And you'll drive Mr. Cone and Mr. Carr on December 31st.
I take I advise Mr. Carr, I am not sure that I got the, but I wish Mr. Cone.
Upon giving Mr. Cone definite advice, this is the Shion man's shine, we're going to camp Gordon George.
But this is Cone's day of his final, that is.
Well, as I say, it's a definite advice.
What's Carr on the 31st and he transmitted as Cone, I had no precise conversation with Cone that he was going subsequent to the time that I told him probably would go.
And I mean, the occasion when I said he probably would go, Cone's principal objection was to the fact that it was so far from the Yorick.
I like to whether or not the beginning of that January 4th, he started receiving telephone calls from Mr. Cone about to, possibly, the assignment camp for it.
I did serve at Cone's point about to reach on around 4th of January that the assignment of Shion is probably been accomplished by an machine record.
This is a machine determination and there is nothing special done for it.
I point out through that how good that was, from everybody's point of view, that it's strictly something which has been done and the ordinary is working to be the same as different.
But he's complaining that he didn't think that he was going to be enthusiastic about and do what not.
On the same day, about the 4th of January, I had a long, long recall of the Cone who was very disturbed about an AWOL situation in which Shion was involved at 4th gate on that occasion.
I missed that and sparked me before you get to that.
What is anything that Mr. Cone makes inquiry about?
Insofar as Shion's availability was concerned.
Instead of not making inquiry about whether or not Shion was available to the committee for special work Friday was a camp party.
Not at that time, I believe it later this is.
Now you see on the same day Mr. Cone was in crying about an LHWOL on the part of Shion on New Year's Eve.
Yes.
As I as I as I as a recent structure of the situation soldiers were given information that they would get either the Christmas holiday or the New Year's holiday but not both.
I was told that Shion had elected the Christmas holiday and that then subsequently he had been absent over the New Year's holiday.
I am not able to explain the circumstances of the absence but there was some dispute as to whether or not his absence was authorized.
There was an investigation underway that the camp's decision calls and concerns are called immediately to express concern over the investigation.
I tell a phone general Ryan during the day of the Fourth of January to ask what it was about.
He told me that there was enough of a cloud over what had occurred as to make it impossible to be sent to the responsibility either on the soldier who was absent or on the people who should have been controlled.
I told him that I had been resolved without further investigation and that ended up to be.
In short you were saying that the case of the soldier is that the Christmas holiday.
The other has the New Year's holiday and that's correct.
Yes.
I miss the Shion got both.
How much of them when did you go to the hammer's Massachusetts?
I went to hammer's Massachusetts on the 8th of January.
For what purpose?
I went up to the post office taking the day.
Why are you with I was in and off you received a call from the McCarthy Investigating Committee.
I didn't think.
From which member?
Oh, Mr. God.
Mr. God.
What was the dinner of that conversation?
I had telephoned my wife on the afternoon the 9th of January.
I had a cellar that the weather was bad. It was snowing and it didn't look as though I would get back to Washington.
That day as I had planned, who told me that you had issued a telephone call?
From a woman who had stated that Senator McCarthy and Mr. God were anxious to get in touch with her.
So the she had indicated that she didn't know where I was.
I wasn't particularly anxious to receive the call because I felt so new what it was to be about.
Never the less I told her to tell Mr. God where I was.
I received a telephone call from the car at about three o'clock or three 15 in the afternoon of January 9th.
The public quickly discussed where it came.
One paid a call for pay wishes to get behind it and to be heard in for an inclusion in the annual report of the committee.
And the problem concerned with fright of shine.
He told me with written shine that shine had gone to New York on leave for the weekend and has been advised that he had the return on Saturday night to be available for KPM on Monday next day.
And he indicated to me that it's combed.
I was very anxious to get a hold of me about it.
I wanted to talk to me about it.
I wanted to know what I could do about it.
The car wanted to know if there was anything I could do about it.
I presented Mr. Carr.
I tried to put them on by saying that I was helpless for an average.
I couldn't do anything that I wasn't spending on.
I asked him if he was in the first telling Mr. Cone where I was.
It comes within New York.
I was in the first and the first one.
If he wasn't he'd be further telling Mr. Cone where I was long enough to let me complete checking out at a hotel.
This time he was in the office of the room.
I did not want the co-hidden food to get him a co-efficient.
Tell him no, you may not tell Cone where I am.
Because I didn't want to be in the position of refusing to use the phone call and make that number.
However, I did go to a boy's call because I was sure about it.
Mr. Carr called with me to terminate shortly thereafter.
In a few moments I received another telephone call.
I picked up the phone and heard Mr. Cone's voice on the other hand.
I said hello and I heard him say hello, gone or something without effect.
And I very much just didn't sit down to see.
I met a hundred people there.
Do you recall the incident of the week of January 11th, Mr. Adam?
Yes, sir.
Will you relate to the committee that is? Are the incidents of that week?
Where is the week of January 11th?
Mr. Cone talked to me.
I have to accept the question to the reference camp Gordon.
One of the only exact number of days.
The sign would be required to refer there.
One of the note is that it is necessary to sign the number of votes.
It says that the committee would need sign for committee work.
No one to know.
The name of the person I could give him to be his conduct.
Contact for getting signed on the camp board.
I told him that there was going to be no reputation in the board picked situation in camp Gordon.
And then he found that we had to meet a complete authority over sign.
I was still concerned after...
I am scared.